[YUNIKORN-1006] Address QU 30, 40, 50 (#105)
apache/incubator-yunikorn-site: src/pages/community/get_involved.md

- Calendar: [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/b/3/r/week/2020/3/26?cid=YXBhY2hlLnl1bmlrb3JuQGdtYWlsLmNvbQ) :point_left:

## Become a Committer

Committers are the community members who have the write access to the project's repositories, i.e
they can modify the code by themselves and accept others contributions to all YuniKorn repos.

> There is no strict rules about the qualification of a candidate, the PPMC votes for a candidate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no strict rules about the qualification of a candidate. The PPMC votes for a candidate
```

Author: Done

based on various considerations:

- Code contributions
  - Consistent code contributions
  - Optimize the CI/CD pipeline

>   - Help the code reviews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Help with code reviews
```

  - Test and verify release candidates
  - Performance tuning and related tools development
  - Propose improvement proposals

- Non-code contributions
  - Involvement in the community activities, such as meetings, meetups, etc.

>   - Provide feedback, report issues, roadmap discussions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Provide feedback, report issues, and participate in roadmap discussions
```

  - Help on project releases
  - Improve project documentation
  - Help the project adoption
  - Integrate with other projects, extend the use cases

Contributor or non-contributor can both make their paths to committer, the community deeply
appreciates both code or non-code contributions.

## Become a PPMC member

> PPMC represents for Podling Project Management Committee, this committee is responsible for project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PPMC stands for the Podling Project Management Committee. It is responsible for project
```

Author: done

> management and governance, ensures the project can be operated under [Apache Way](https://www.apache.org/theapacheway/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
management and governance and ensures that the project can be operated under the [Apache Way](https://www.apache.org/theapacheway/).
```

Author: DOne

> The committee makes decisions based on the PPMC members' votes. A PPMC member has the authority to cast a binding cast

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The committee makes decisions based on the PPMC members' votes. A PPMC member has the authority to cast a binding
```

Author: Done

> a binding vote on various things, such as project releases, adding new committer or PPMC member, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on various things, such as project releases, adding new committer or PPMC member, etc.
```

Author: Done

> A contributor must become a committer first before being a PPMC member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A contributor must become a committer first before becoming a PPMC member.
```

Author: done

> There is no strict rules of when a committer will be qualified for adding to PPMC. The management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no strict rules of when a committer will be qualified for being added to the PPMC. The management
```

Author: done
